docs(getting-started): review of authorization model for typos and clarity (#2708)
Permify/permify: docs/getting-started/modeling.mdx

entity repository {}
```

Entities have a number of different types of properties. These are:

- **relations**: how entities relate to each other
- **actions or permissions**: what can be allowed or denied
- **attributes**: properties of an entity not related to other entities

## Defining Relations

Relations represent relationships between entities. It's the most critical part of the schema because Permify is based on relations between resources and their permissions.

Use the keyword `relation` to create an entity relation with the `name` and `type` properties.

**Relation Attributes:**

TODO, can it include _ or any other character

> - **name:** the name of the relation, which can be any alphanumeric string

Author: or is there some other rule about what an entity name can be?

> - **name:** the name of the relation, which can be any alphanumeric string

Reviewer: The name may contain only letters and underscores and must be at most 64 characters long. 
Here is the rule we have in `base.proto`
``` go
// The name of the relation, which follows a specific string pattern and has a maximum byte size.
string name = 1 [(validate.rules).string = {
  pattern: "^[a-zA-Z_]{1,64}$"
  max_bytes: 64
}];
```

> - **type:** the type of the related object, which must be defined in this schema previously

Reviewer: it needs to be defined but not necessarily `previously`. also we tend to use the term entity or relation rather than object. in this case the object is a relation. my suggestion would be as following: 

```suggestion
- **type:** the target entity type this relation references (e.g. user, organization, document), which must exist in the schema
```

    ..
    ..

    action read =  organization.admin and (owner or maintainer or organization.member)

}
```

> → Looking at the `read` action, you can see the `read` permission is limited to a user that is an `organization admin` and also has one of the following relations: `owner` of the repository, or `maintainer`, or `member` of the organization which repository belongs to.

Author: Is this true? Seems weird to limit read permissions to admins? Would it make more sense to change the action to `delete`?

Reviewer: Yes, this statement is true. Also, any action name is acceptable. We can rename it to delete if that better reflects the intended semantics and aligns with common sense

 permission read =  org.admin and (owner or maintainer or org.member)
```

Using the `action` or `permission` keywords yields the same authorization logic. We have two keywords for defining a permission because most, but not all, permissions are based on actions. Learn more in our [Nested Hierarchies](/modeling-guides/rebac/impersonation) section.
</Note>

> The `and` operation creates an intersection between relations but is not tied to specific entities.

Author: Hmmm. What you showed seems to be exactly what is in the doc and is called out as being surprising.

What am I missing?

> The `and` operation creates an intersection between relations but is not tied to specific entities.

Reviewer: ```
entity organization {
  relation member @user
  relation admin  @user

  permission view = member and admin
}

entity repository {
  relation owner @user
  relation org @organization

  permission read = org.view or owner  
  permission read2 = (org.member and org.admin) or owner
}
```
The first read permission will be looking for member and admin for a particular organization. The second one is looking for member and admin for any organization (e.g being admin of org1 and member of org2 will work).

<Info>

> This feature is currently in beta and available upon request. Let us know, and we’ll give you early access!

Author: After internal discussion, going to remove this.

</Info>
TODO is this still true

You can use attributes across entities with rules. Rules can also be written inside entities to create entity-specific conditionals.

> Below, the `check_confidentiality` rule is defined inside the `organization` entity. This rule compares the specific organization's authority level with the authority level associated with the repository.

Author: This *seemed* to be what the rules were saying but please confirm I got this right.

Reviewer: Yes
